README.md, before:

# Dream Team Builder

Streamed talent discovery, shortlist management, and side‑by‑side profile comparison with lightweight visualization (radar, strength bars) powered by Torre public endpoints.

## Current Features
- Real‑time streaming search (people or organizations) with incremental rendering (SSE proxy).
- Local shortlist(s) with add/remove and persistence (localStorage).
- Profile drawer with overview, strengths (bars + radar), roles, education, languages.
- Compare panel (up to 3 profiles) highlighting shared vs unique strengths.
- Animated, dark themed UI (Framer Motion) with toasts & skeletons.
- Genome prefetch & caching for first results to reduce open latency.
- Avatar usage across cards, drawer, comparison.
- One‑time animated radar draw & staggered result entrance (performance guarded).
- Avatar usage across cards, drawer, comparison.


## Tech Stack
- Next.js 14 (App Router; edge-compatible proxy routes)
- TypeScript + React 18
- Tailwind CSS design tokens
- Framer Motion for micro‑interactions
- Radix UI primitives (tabs, toast, scroll area)
- Server‑Sent Events (EventSource) for streaming results
- Local genome caching + concurrency‑limited background prefetch.
- Custom toast queue & compare context (pin limit = 3).
- Local genome caching + concurrency‑limited background prefetch.
- Custom toast queue & compare context (pin limit = 3).

## Getting Started
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```
Visit http://localhost:3000 and start exploring.

## Internal API Routes
- `GET /api/people?stream=true&q=QUERY&type=person|organization` – SSE stream
- `GET /api/profile/:username` – genome proxy (60s cache)

SSE sentinel messages: `[DONE]` (stream ended), `[LIMIT_REACHED]` (server‑side cap enforced). Each `data: {"result": {...}}` is an entity.

SSE sentinel messages: `[DONE]` (stream ended), `[LIMIT_REACHED]` (server‑side cap enforced). Each `data: {"result": {...}}` is an entity.

## Torre Upstream Endpoints
- `POST https://torre.ai/api/entities/_searchStream`
- `GET  https://torre.ai/api/genome/bios/:username`

## Disclaimer
Not affiliated with Torre. Educational/demo use only.

---
## Project Structure (High Level)

```
src/
	app/
	components/
		search/
		compare/
		genome/
		ui/
		visualization/
	utils/
	tests/
	docs/
public/
```

## Architecture Overview
See `docs/architecture.md` and `docs/data-flow.md`.

Mermaid summary:
```mermaid
flowchart LR
	UI[SearchShell / PersonCards] -->|onResult| Ctx[(Genome Cache)]
	UI --> ComparePanel
	ComparePanel --> GenomeAPI[/api/profile/:username/]
	UI --> PeopleAPI[/api/people?stream=true/]
	PeopleAPI --> TorreStream[( _searchStream )]
	GenomeAPI --> TorreGenome[( genome/bios/:username )]
	subgraph Browser
		UI
		ComparePanel
		Ctx
	end
```

## Performance Notes
- Streaming parser yields results immediately; genome prefetch limited (CONCURRENCY=3).
- Only first 12 results get stagger animation; rest static (DOM stability).
- Radar & bar animations run once.
- Compare panel content unmounted when collapsed.


See `docs/ui.md` for animation guidance.

## Screenshots
| Area | Image |
|------|-------|
| Search | `public/screens/Screenshot 2025-08-20 143102.png` |
| Drawer | `public/screens/Screenshot 2025-08-20 143131.png` |
| Compare | `public/screens/Screenshot 2025-08-20 143326.png` |

## Future Enhancements
- [ ] Virtualized list for very large streams
- [ ] Shared/unique filter toggles
- [ ] Drag & drop shortlist
- [ ] Reduced-motion mode refinement
- [ ] Upgrade Next.js (security advisories)

## License
MIT (add LICENSE file if distributing publicly)

Commit message:

docs(readme): add UI preview screenshots section above features

README.md, after:

# Dream Team Builder

Streamed talent discovery, shortlist management, and side‑by‑side profile comparison with lightweight visualization (radar, strength bars) powered by Torre public endpoints.

## UI Preview
<p align="center">
	<img src="public/Screenshot%202025-08-20%20143102.png" alt="Search results and filters" width="31%" />
	<img src="public/Screenshot%202025-08-20%20143131.png" alt="Profile drawer with strengths" width="31%" />
	<img src="public/Screenshot%202025-08-20%20143326.png" alt="Comparison panel" width="31%" />
</p>


## Current Features
- Real‑time streaming search (people or organizations) with incremental rendering (SSE proxy).
- Local shortlist(s) with add/remove and persistence (localStorage).
- Profile drawer with overview, strengths (bars + radar), roles, education, languages.
- Compare panel (up to 3 profiles) highlighting shared vs unique strengths.
- Animated, dark themed UI (Framer Motion) with toasts & skeletons.
- Genome prefetch & caching for first results to reduce open latency.
- Avatar usage across cards, drawer, comparison.
- One‑time animated radar draw & staggered result entrance (performance guarded).
- Avatar usage across cards, drawer, comparison.


## Tech Stack
- Next.js 14 (App Router; edge-compatible proxy routes)
- TypeScript + React 18
- Tailwind CSS design tokens
- Framer Motion for micro‑interactions
- Radix UI primitives (tabs, toast, scroll area)
- Server‑Sent Events (EventSource) for streaming results
- Local genome caching + concurrency‑limited background prefetch.
- Custom toast queue & compare context (pin limit = 3).
- Local genome caching + concurrency‑limited background prefetch.
- Custom toast queue & compare context (pin limit = 3).

## Getting Started
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```
Visit http://localhost:3000 and start exploring.

## Internal API Routes
- `GET /api/people?stream=true&q=QUERY&type=person|organization` – SSE stream
- `GET /api/profile/:username` – genome proxy (60s cache)

SSE sentinel messages: `[DONE]` (stream ended), `[LIMIT_REACHED]` (server‑side cap enforced). Each `data: {"result": {...}}` is an entity.

SSE sentinel messages: `[DONE]` (stream ended), `[LIMIT_REACHED]` (server‑side cap enforced). Each `data: {"result": {...}}` is an entity.

## Torre Upstream Endpoints
- `POST https://torre.ai/api/entities/_searchStream`
- `GET  https://torre.ai/api/genome/bios/:username`

## Disclaimer
Not affiliated with Torre. Educational/demo use only.

---
## Project Structure (High Level)

```
src/
	app/
	components/
		search/
		compare/
		genome/
		ui/
		visualization/
	utils/
	tests/
	docs/
public/
```

## Architecture Overview
See `docs/architecture.md` and `docs/data-flow.md`.

Mermaid summary:
```mermaid
flowchart LR
	UI[SearchShell / PersonCards] -->|onResult| Ctx[(Genome Cache)]
	UI --> ComparePanel
	ComparePanel --> GenomeAPI[/api/profile/:username/]
	UI --> PeopleAPI[/api/people?stream=true/]
	PeopleAPI --> TorreStream[( _searchStream )]
	GenomeAPI --> TorreGenome[( genome/bios/:username )]
	subgraph Browser
		UI
		ComparePanel
		Ctx
	end
```

## Performance Notes
- Streaming parser yields results immediately; genome prefetch limited (CONCURRENCY=3).
- Only first 12 results get stagger animation; rest static (DOM stability).
- Radar & bar animations run once.
- Compare panel content unmounted when collapsed.


See `docs/ui.md` for animation guidance.

## Screenshots
The above preview images are sourced from the `public/` directory:

| Area | File |
|------|------|
| Search | `public/Screenshot 2025-08-20 143102.png` |
| Drawer | `public/Screenshot 2025-08-20 143131.png` |
| Compare | `public/Screenshot 2025-08-20 143326.png` |

## Future Enhancements
- [ ] Virtualized list for very large streams
- [ ] Shared/unique filter toggles
- [ ] Drag & drop shortlist
- [ ] Reduced-motion mode refinement
- [ ] Upgrade Next.js (security advisories)

## License
MIT (add LICENSE file if distributing publicly)
